# Raider Encampment // 2.22.5014u
**LOG-01:** Patience informs 601st Detachment of new mission, "Home on the Range". Objective is to investigate a distress signal at the Châu Maize, a Gray Town.

**LOG-02:** 601st dispatches towards Châu Maize.

**LOG-03:** 601st encounters subalterns while en route towards Châu Maize; they are headed towards Tower 3.

**LOG-04:** 601st decides to ignore subaltern presence and press onwards.

**LOG-05:** 601st use handheld smart scopes to scout out Châu Maize. They discover a notable subaltern presence numbering in the hundreds towards the entrances of Châu Maize's farmhouse, and several flashing red lights.

**LOG-06:** 601st continue towards Châu Maize's farmhouse.

**LOG-07:** Upon arrival, they discover several Second Committee of Union-era mechanical chassis, likely from initial SecComm mechanical testing.

**LOG-08:** Local mechanical chassis become hostile. Notably, a large mechanical chassis labelled "\[THE BROADCAST]" is present.

**LOG-09:** 601st quickly neutralize all mechanical chassis.

**LOG-10:** All present subalterns begin heading south-east towards Tower 3.

**LOG-11:** 601st interact with \[THE BROADCAST]'s internal comput

**LOG-00:**
> \>//ATTEND:::THIS AREA IS UNDER UNION CONTROL, PURSUANT TO NAVCOMM SPECIAL ORDER 1/TBK(???)ALL ORGANIC LIFE HEREBY ORDERED:::EVAC INTENSITY 3 (GO NOW)
> 
> \>///ATTN.ENEMY:::\[☠️☠️☠️☠️]
> 
> \>//ATTEND:::CURRENT THEATER (GRID:::A1- H3+ALL SUBGRIDS) IS PRIORITY TARGET FOR \[PAVEDOWN_OVERRIDE] PER <MENDICANT_DEMAND=(OK)>
> 
> \>///ATTEND:::LEAVE THIS PLACE. THERE IS NOTHING HERE FOR YOU. MESSAGE WILL REPEAT:::X(X=ENDLESS)
> 
> \>///COMMAND_IMPERATIVE:::PARTITION OF LOCAL FORCES AS FOLLOWS: VBND_R, COMM_G, PART_B, AND CONSTITUENT ELEMENTS TO PROCEED TO STRIKE-ID TARGETS \[XXXXXXXXXXX] AND ENGAGE. AWAIT TASKING FROM <BEGGAR_MENDICANT_VAGABOND> IN THAT ORDER
> 
> \>///NOTICE:::YOU CAN STILL LEAVE::YOU DO NOT HAVE TO FIGHT::IF YOU SURRENDER, YOU WILL BE ACCOUNTED FOR AND TREATED WITH DIGNITY::YOU DO NOT HAVE TO FIGHT.
> 
> \>///NOTICE:::THROW DOWN YOUR WEAPONS. IT IS FOR YOUR OWN GOOD. I AM UNION I AM PEACE. HELP IS ON THE WAY.

**LOG-13:** 01st recover wartime COMP/CON "CYNOSURE.cc", which is dictated under control of a wartime NHP. No war on Hercynia has ever taken place, so it is likely that COMP/CON safety protocol to have combative systems disengaged during mechanical chassis testing was not followed, as would be typical of SecComm actions.

**LOG-14:** 601st commune with the Châu's.

**LOG-15:** 601st return to Evergreen.

**LOG-16:** 601st fully repair their mechanical chassis.

**LOG-17:** 601st partake in various activities around Evergreen. Most notably, they extract a lost relic from old SecComm testing; the Mk1 model of the Harrison Armory "Genghis", colloquially referred to as the "Worldkiller".

# **FURTHER LOGS REMOVED FOR IRRELEVANCE**
