# Evergreen // 3.10.5014u
**LOG-01:** 601st Detachment explore outside of Evergreen for mechanized chassis ruins. They make no notable discovers, aside from the development of some combative covers in the forests, and the presence of what appears to be warships on distant waters.

**LOG-02:** 601st head to Evergreen's local trade market, which is partaking in festivities.

**LOG-03:** 610st encounter a young child known as "Sean Yu", with two miliia-member parents. Sean Yu appears to have a fascination with mercenary work.

**LOG-04:** Sean Yu leads the 601st to an old tunnel under Evergreen.

**LOG-05:** 601st discover an Egregorian crustacean skull in the tunnel, with an "osteomemetic" head plate.

**LOG-06:** Virtue makes contact with the plate and, according to reports, is sent a 'telepathic vision' of sorts.

**LOG-07:** 601st discover that the ends of the tunnel were deliberately detonated.

**LOG-08:** 601st decide to leave the tunnel.

**LOG-09:** 601st are informed by Sean Yu that Sean Yu often touches the plate of the skull, undergoing similar experiences to Virtue.

**LOG-10:** 601st escort Sean Yu to his home, and then go the Governor's Farm discuss the happenings with Patience.

**LOG-11:** 601st discuss with Patience and Edena Ji.

**LOG-12:** Edena Ji tells party to contact Dr. Eku Marricado, local biologist.

**LOG-13:** Patience requests for the party to, after contacting Eku, explore near the north-eastern bordering ocean of Solo Terra, as hunters in the area reported unfamiliar mechanized chassis in the area.

**LOG-14:** 601st contact Eku Marricado and discuss Egregorians and theories about the raiders with her.

**LOG-15:** Virtue re-initiates contact with the head plate of the Egregorian crustacean skull, and attempts to feel the presence of similar presences. He detects a minority under Evergreen, and a significant presence towards the north-western side of Evergreen, near Lake Planow.

**LOG-16:** 601st head near the Lagunan Strait as per Patience's request.

**LOG-17:** 601st discover mechanized chassis with Christian-religious insignia creating fortifications in the trees.

**LOG-18:** The mechanized chassis engage combat with the 601st.
