Solstice (alias Emyle Smith) is the Board Officer/Commanding Officer of the 470th Detachment of Mirrorsmoke Mercenary Company. She is a skilled lancer and an ace pilot, often favoring mechanized chassis with high speed and manueverability. Due to the frequency of mechs with onboard flight-support overheating, she tends to favor Harrison Armory mechanized chassis, which are known for their state-of-the-art coolant systems and resistance to heat buildup. Additionally, she is known for her skill with heavy weapons (such as a General Massive Systems Heavy Machine Gun), and is capable of providing sufficient covering fire with them; despite this, she is often the sole member of the 470th Detachment, so her penchant for this does not often see utilization. Solstice also carries an on-board STUDENT-Class NHP (titled "Sun"), which she has constructed herself, and is notably skilled at threat identification.

Currently, he possesses a Rank I license in the Harrison Armory Sunzi, although she pilots a General Massive Systems SP-1 "Everest".

The assigned Legal Officer of the 470th Detachment has recently been reported deceased, so Solstice is temporarily on substitute-assignment with the Legal Officer accompanying the 601st Detachment on Hercynia, known as Virtue (alias Landon Michaelson). After the binding contract of the 470th Detachment is fulfilled, Solstice will be available for extraction; however, it is estimated that the contract terms of the 601st Detachment and the 470th Detachment will be complete within a one-week timespan of eachother, and so it is advisable that both parties are extracted simulatenously rather than sending for a secondary extraction vessel.
